docs: override the host layout guide (#37)
workleap/wl-squide: docs/guides/override-the-host-layout.md

import { useNavigationItems, useRenderedNavigationItems } from "@squide/react-router";
import { UserMenu } from "./UserMenu.tsx";

export function RootLayout() {
    const navigationItems = useNavigationItems();

    // To keep things simple, we are omitting the definition of "renderItem" and "renderSection".
    // For a full example, view: https://workleap.github.io/wl-squide/references/routing/userenderednavigationitems/.
    const navigationElements = useRenderedNavigationItems(navigationItems, renderItem, renderSection);

    return (
        <>
            <div>
                <nav>{navigationElements}</nav>
                <UserMenu />
            </div>
            <Suspense fallback={<div>Loading...</div>}>
                <Outlet />
            </Suspense>
        </>
    );
}
```

In this example, the `RootLayout` is the default layout for the *home page* and every page (route) registered by a module.

For most pages, this is the behavior expected by the author. However, for pages such as a *login page*, the default `RootLayout` isn't a good fit because a *login page* is not bound to a user session (the user is not even authenticated yet).

> Those pages in need of a different layout requires a mecanism to pull out their route declaration at the root of the [React Router's](https://reactrouter.com/en/main) router instance, before the `RootLayout` is declared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those pages in need of a different layout require a mechanism to pull out their route declaration at the root of the [React Router's](https://reactrouter.com/en/main) router instance, before the `RootLayout` is declared.
```
